8353009: Improve documentation for Windows AArch64 builds (#24267)
openjdk/jdk: doc/building.md

and run `make` normally.

#### Building for Windows AArch64
The Visual Studio Build Tools can be used for building the JDK without a full
Visual Studio installation. To set up the Visual Studio 2022 Build Tools on a
Windows AArch64 machine for a native build, launch the installer as follows
in a Windows command prompt:

```
vs_buildtools.exe --quiet --wait --norestart --nocache ^
--installPath "%ProgramFiles(x86)%\Microsoft Visual Studio\2022\BuildTools" ^
--add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.VC.CoreBuildTools ^
--add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.VC.Tools.ARM64 ^
--add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.Windows11SDK.22621
```

When installation is complete, configure the build using the same command used
with a full Visual Studio installation:

```
bash configure --with-boot-jdk=$BOOT_JDK
```

> To generate Windows AArch64 builds using Cygwin on a Windows x64 machine,
> the target platform needs to be set to `aarch64-unknown-cygwin` to enable
> cross compilation. Configure the build with `--openjdk-target`:
> 
> ```
> bash configure \
>   --with-boot-jdk=$BOOT_JDK \
>   --openjdk-target=aarch64-unknown-cygwin
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate Windows AArch64 builds using Cygwin on a Windows x64 machine,
you must set the proper target platform by adding 
`--openjdk-target=aarch64-unknown-cygwin` to your configure command line.
```

and run `make` normally.

#### Building for Windows AArch64
The Visual Studio Build Tools can be used for building the JDK without a full
Visual Studio installation. To set up the Visual Studio 2022 Build Tools on a
Windows AArch64 machine for a native build, launch the installer as follows
in a Windows command prompt:

```
vs_buildtools.exe --quiet --wait --norestart --nocache ^
--installPath "%ProgramFiles(x86)%\Microsoft Visual Studio\2022\BuildTools" ^
--add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.VC.CoreBuildTools ^
--add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.VC.Tools.ARM64 ^
--add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.Windows11SDK.22621
```

When installation is complete, configure the build using the same command used
with a full Visual Studio installation:

```

> bash configure --with-boot-jdk=$BOOT_JDK

Reviewer 2: Probably lines 1474 - 1479 are now not needed any more because they just state you have to set the boot jdk but that's nothing specific for these builds.
